Fixed Documentation Typos (#1244)
NeuralEnsemble/python-neo: doc/source/io_developers_guide.rst

To use these you need to upload some sample data files at `gin-gnode`_. They will be publicly accessible for testing Neo.
These tests:

  * check for compliance with the schema: hierarchy, attribute types, ...
  * For IO modules confirm they able to both write and read data; they compare a generated dataset with the same data after a write/read cycle.

> The test scripts download all files from `gin-gnode`_ and store them locally in ``/tmp/files_for_tests/``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test scripts download all files from `gin-gnode`_ and store them locally in ``<home>/ 'ephy_testing_data'``.
```
